README.md, before:

## INTRODUCTION

Full Stack development (Laravel API & Vue.js) with a focus on financial data integrity, concurrency safety, scalable balance/asset management, and real-time systems. It is built using Laravel for the backend APIs and VueJS for the frontend client-facing side.

## PRE-REQUISITE FOR SETUP

-   Docker desktop
-   Web browser
-   Terminal (git bash)

## HOW TO SETUP

-   Make sure your docker desktop is up and running
-   Launch you terminal and navigate to your working directory

```bash
cd ./working_dir
```

-   Clone repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/degod/virgofinapp.git
```

-   Move into the project directory

```bash
cd virgofinapp/
```

-   Copy env.example into .env

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

-   Build app using docker

```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

-   Log in to docker container bash

```bash
docker compose exec app bash
```

-   Install composer

```bash
composer install
```

-   Create an application key

```bash
php artisan key:generate
```

-   Run database migration and seeder

```bash
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

-   Run automated unit/feature test for backend

```bash
php artisan test
```

-   Exit docker container bash

```bash
exit
```

-   Build frontend assets

```bash
docker compose --profile build run --rm assets
```

-   To run frontend assets in dev mode

```bash
docker compose --profile dev up --build
```

-   Run automated test for the frontend using vitest

```bash
docker compose --profile build run --rm assets npx vitest run
```

-   To access application, visit
    `http://localhost:9030`

-   To Login as "Super Admin":

    -   `U:  test@mail.com`
    -   `P:  password`

-   To Login as any user:

    -   `U:  select from the list of users (or test@mail.com)`
    -   `P:  password`

-   To access application's database, visit

    -   `http://localhost:9031`

-   To access application API documentation, visit

    -   `http://localhost:9031/api/docs`

Commit message:

Order placement in the frontend done

README.md, after:

## INTRODUCTION

Full Stack development (Laravel API & Vue.js) with a focus on financial data integrity, concurrency safety, scalable balance/asset management, and real-time systems. It is built using Laravel for the backend APIs and VueJS for the frontend client-facing side.

## PRE-REQUISITE FOR SETUP

-   Docker desktop
-   Web browser
-   Terminal (git bash)

## HOW TO SETUP

-   Make sure your docker desktop is up and running
-   Launch you terminal and navigate to your working directory

```bash
cd ./working_dir
```

-   Clone repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/degod/virgofinapp.git
```

-   Move into the project directory

```bash
cd virgofinapp/
```

-   Copy env.example into .env

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

-   Build app using docker

```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

-   Log in to docker container bash

```bash
docker compose exec app bash
```

-   Install composer

```bash
composer install
```

-   Create an application key

```bash
php artisan key:generate
```

-   Run database migration and seeder

```bash
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

-   Run automated unit/feature test for backend

```bash
php artisan test
```

-   Exit docker container bash

```bash
exit
```

-   Build frontend assets

```bash
docker compose --profile build run --rm assets
```

-   To run frontend assets in dev mode

```bash
docker compose --profile dev up -d --build
```

-   To get into the frontend container bash

```bash
docker exec -it virgofin-vite sh
```

-   Run automated test for the frontend using vitest

```bash
docker compose --profile build run --rm assets npx vitest run
```

-   To access application, visit
    `http://localhost:9030`

-   To Login as "Super Admin":

    -   `U:  test@mail.com`
    -   `P:  password`

-   To Login as any user:

    -   `U:  select from the list of users (or test@mail.com)`
    -   `P:  password`

-   To access application's database, visit

    -   `http://localhost:9031`

-   To access application API documentation, visit

    -   `http://localhost:9031/api/docs`
